How is that possible?
Since I said it
I want to support you
I will never regret it
That
do you think
I'm stupid
Stupid or not?
I didn't mean that
Lin Yang, what are you doing?
Lin Yang
Xiao Xiaoqing you
You get up first
Then you say it first
Do you think I'm stupid?
Pressed on me
Xiaoqing
so hot
Lin Yang
Actually, I guessed it all
the money you gave me
You borrowed it from someone else, right?
That's not true
You don't have to be afraid of me
The psychological burden is too great
your thoughts
I understand
Xiaoqing, don’t get me wrong.
I am really rich now
Don't lie to me
Ever since you were admitted to college
After expulsion
Haven't found it yet
What a decent job
how could you
Can all of a sudden
Take out so much money
The matter of buying me the bar
He's acting too, right?
I swear
I am really rich now
That bar
It's the gift I gave you
Don't worry
I've already thought everything through
I returned the house I rented
What about the future
Let's live together
Save a month
Half the rent?
we
Be more frugal
I can definitely pay off my debt.
You oops
What do you want me to say
Only you can believe it
I'm really rich now
we
No need to live a hard life anymore
Don't lie to me
If you are really rich
You take out the money now
show me
I
My money
Can't be used to watch
can only be used
I'll take care of you
Lin Yang
I'm in your heart
That's it
A materialistic woman?
I don't blame you
I just want
with you
Live a down-to-earth life
I don't even know what to do
I explained it to you
Then don't explain
us
Let's work together, shall we?
Um
After this matter is completed
Lin Yang is finished
Come